.\" (C) Copyright 2016 Vit Mojzis, vmojzis@redhat.com
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License
.\" 
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.TH sebuild_graph 1 2017-02-09 "" "SELinux Policy Analysis Tool"
.SH NAME
\fBsebuild_graph \fP- SELinux policy visualization tool graph builder
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.fam C
\fBsebuild_graph\fP [\fB-h\fP] [\fB-dg\fP] [\fB-fb\fP [\fIFILTER_BOOLS\fP]] [\fB-c\fP \fICLASSES\fP]
                   [\fB-p\fP [\fIPOLICY\fP]] \fIFILENAME\fP

.fam T
.fi
.fam T
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
Creates a snapshot of given SELinux policy (if no policy file is provided, policy loaded in the system is be used) that can be analyzed using segraph_query.
.SH OPTIONS

.SS Positional arguments:
.RS
.TP
.B
\fIFILENAME\fP
Name for the new policy graph file.
.RE
.PP
.SS Optional arguments:
.RS
.TP
.B
\fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP
show this help message and exit
.TP
.B
\fB-dg\fP, \fB--domain_grouping\fP
Group SELinux domains based on package they belong to.
Use with caution, generates false positives!
.TP
.B
\fB-fb\fP [\fIFILTER_BOOLS\fP], \fB--filter_bools\fP [\fIFILTER_BOOLS\fP]
Filter rules based on current boolean setting or comma separated list of [boolean]:[on/off].
.TP
.B
\fB-c\fP \fICLASSES\fP, \fB--class\fP \fICLASSES\fP
Comma separated list of object classes to be present
in the graph. All classes assumed if omitted.
.TP
.B
\fB-p\fP [\fIPOLICY\fP], \fB--policy\fP [\fIPOLICY\fP]
Path to the SELinux policy to be used.
.RE
.RE
.PP

.SH EXAMPLE
Create snapshot of SELinux policy loaded in the system (only rules concerning files and processes are considered, boolean setting is taken into account):
.PP
.nf
.fam C
      $ sebuild_graph.py -fb -c file,process graph


.fam T
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBsegraph_query\fP(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Vit Mojzis <vmojzis@redhat.com>
