.\" (C) Copyright 2016 Vit Mojzis, vmojzis@redhat.com
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License
.\" 
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.TH seexport_graph 1 2017-02-09 "" "SELinux Policy Analysis Tool"
.SH NAME
\fBseexport_graph \fP- SELinux policy graph export tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.fam C
\fBseexport_graph\fP [\fB-h\fP] [\fB-c\fP \fITCLASS\fP] [\fB-p\fP \fIPERMS\fP] [\fB-a\fP \fIATTR\fP] [\fB-b\fP \fIBOOL\fP] [\fB-ea\fP]
               [\fB-fb\fP [\fIFILTER_BOOLS\fP]] [\fB-fa\fP \fIATTR\fP]
               \fBpackage\fP [\fIpolicy\fP]

.fam T
.fi
.fam T
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
Exports part of given SELinux \fIpolicy\fP (concerning selected \fIpackage\fP) to a graphml file. This file can than be visualized (e.g. using Gephi - gephi.org)
.SH OPTIONS

.SS Positional arguments
.RS
.TP
.B
\fIpackage\fP
Policy concerning this package will be exported
.TP
.B
\fIpolicy\fP
Path to the SELinux \fIpolicy\fP to be used.
.RE
.PP
.SS Optional arguments
.RS
.TP
.B
\fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP
show this help message and exit
.RE
.PP
.SS Rule search (similar to sesearch)
.RS
.TP
.B
\fB-c\fP \fITCLASS\fP, \fB--class\fP \fITCLASS\fP
Comma separated list of object classes
.TP
.B
\fB-p\fP \fIPERMS\fP, \fB--perms\fP \fIPERMS\fP
Comma separated list of permissions.
.TP
.B
\fB-a\fP \fIATTR\fP, \fB--attr\fP \fIATTR\fP
Comma separated list of attributes.
.TP
.B
\fB-b\fP \fIBOOL\fP, \fB--bool\fP \fIBOOL\fP
Comma separated list of Booleans in the conditional
expression.
.TP
.B
\fB-ea\fP
Expand rules ending in attribute (to all types that
have given attribute)
.RE
.PP
.SS Filtering
.RS
.TP
.B
\fB-fb\fP [\fIFILTER_BOOLS\fP], \fB--filter_bools\fP [\fIFILTER_BOOLS\fP]
Filter rules based on current boolean setting or 
comma separated list of
[boolean]:[on/off]
.TP
.B
\fB-fa\fP \fIATTR\fP, \fB--filter_attrs\fP \fIATTR\fP
Filter out rules allowed for specified attributes. \fIATTR\fP is comma separated list of attributes.
.SH EXAMPLE
Export policy concerning bluetooth daemon (only access to files, boolean settings is taken into account):
.PP
.nf
.fam C
      $ seexport_graph bluetooth -fb -c file,process
.fam T
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBseextract_cil\fP(1)
.SH BUGS
domain_groups_cil.conf has to be kept up to date using seextract_cil command. Only packages present there can be exported.
.SH AUTHOR
Vit Mojzis <vmojzis@redhat.com>
