.\" (C) Copyright 2016 Vit Mojzis, vmojzis@redhat.com
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License
.\" 
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.TH segraph_query 1 2017-02-09 "" "SELinux Policy Analysis Tool"
.SH NAME
\fBsegraph_query \fP- SELinux policy analysis tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.fam C
\fBsegraph_query\fP [\fB-h\fP] [\fB-d\fP \fIPOLICY_GRAPH2\fP] \fIPOLICY_GRAPH\fP \fIQUERY_FUNCTIONS\fP

.fam T
.fi
.fam T
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
Analyses policy graph using given query functions.
.RE
.TP
.B
.SS Available query functions:
.RS
.TP
.B
write_executable
Finds all types corresponding to executables, that can be written to. Lists dictionary with execuatable types as keys and types with write permission as values.
.TP
.B
transition_write
Finds domain transitions via entrypoints that can be rewritten by source domain. This effectively increases reach of source domain by access rights of target domain. Lists triplets of (source domain, target domain, entrypoint)
.TP
.B
write_to_security
Find domains that are allowed write access to "security related" types. Lists domains with the specified write access and lists of affected types (security types that can be written to)
.RE
.PP

.SH OPTIONS

.SS Positional arguments:
.RS
.TP
.B
\fIPOLICY_GRAPH\fP
Policy graph file
.TP
.B
\fIQUERY_FUNCTIONS\fP
Comma separated list of query functions to be executed
.RE
.PP
.SS Optional arguments:
.RS
.TP
.B
\fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP
Show help message and exit
.TP
.B
\fB-d\fP \fIPOLICY_GRAPH2\fP, \fB--diff\fP \fIPOLICY_GRAPH2\fP
Another policy graph file for comparison
.SH EXAMPLE
Check a policy graph (created using sebuild_graph) with write_executable function:
.PP
.nf
.fam C
      $ graph_query.py graph write_executable

.fam T
.fi
Show consequences of change in policy (graph2 was created after the change):
.PP
.nf
.fam C
      $ segraph_query graph2 write_executable,transition_write,write_to_security -d graph


.fam T
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBsebuild_graph\fP(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Vit Mojzis <vmojzis@redhat.com>
