.\" (C) Copyright 2016 Vit Mojzis, vmojzis@redhat.com
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License
.\" 
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.TH sevisual_query 1 2017-02-09 "" "SELinux Policy Analysis Tool"
.SH NAME
\fBsevisual_query \fP- SELinux policy visual query
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.fam C
\fBsevisual_query\fP [\fB-h\fP] [\fB-s\fP \fISOURCE\fP | \fB-t\fP \fITARGET\fP]
                    [\fB-sg\fP \fISOURCE_GROUP\fP | \fB-tg\fP \fITARGET_GROUP\fP] [\fB-c\fP \fITCLASS\fP]
                    [\fB-p\fP \fIPERMS\fP] [\fB-a\fP \fIATTR\fP] [\fB-b\fP \fIBOOL\fP] [\fB-ea\fP] [\fB-dg\fP]
                    [\fB-fb\fP [\fIFILTER_BOOLS\fP]] [\fB-fa\fP \fIATTR\fP] [\fB-sm\fP \fISIZE_MULTIPLIER\fP]
                    [\fIpolicy\fP]

.fam T
.fi
.fam T
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
Creates visual representation (pdf containing vector graphics) of part of given SELinux policy (concerning selected type). Rules assigned via attributes are distinguished by color codes. Dashed lines represent conditional rules. 
.SH OPTIONS

.SS Positional arguments:
.RS
.TP
.B
\fIpolicy\fP
Path to the SELinux policy to be used.
.RE
.PP
.SS Optional arguments:
.RS
.TP
.B
\fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP
show this help message and exit
.TP
.B
\fB-sm\fP \fISIZE_MULTIPLIER\fP, \fB--size_multiplier\fP \fISIZE_MULTIPLIER\fP
Graph canvas size multiplier (>1 increases space
between nodes)
.RE
.PP
.SS Rule search (similar to sesearch):
.RS
.TP
.B
\fB-s\fP \fISOURCE\fP, \fB--source\fP \fISOURCE\fP
Source type of the TE rule.
.TP
.B
\fB-t\fP \fITARGET\fP, \fB--target\fP \fITARGET\fP
Target type of the TE rule.
.TP
.B
\fB-sg\fP \fISOURCE_GROUP\fP, \fB--source_group\fP \fISOURCE_GROUP\fP
Source type (consider whole domain group containing
the type) of the TE rule.
.TP
.B
\fB-tg\fP \fITARGET_GROUP\fP, \fB--target_group\fP \fITARGET_GROUP\fP
Target type (consider whole domain group containing
the type) of the TE rule.
.TP
.B
\fB-c\fP \fITCLASS\fP, \fB--class\fP \fITCLASS\fP
Comma separated list of object classes
.TP
.B
\fB-p\fP \fIPERMS\fP, \fB--perms\fP \fIPERMS\fP
Comma separated list of permissions.
.TP
.B
\fB-a\fP \fIATTR\fP, \fB--attr\fP \fIATTR\fP
Comma separated list of attributes.
.TP
.B
\fB-b\fP \fIBOOL\fP, \fB--bool\fP \fIBOOL\fP
Comma separated list of Booleans in the conditional
expression.
.TP
.B
\fB-ea\fP
Expand rules ending in attribute (to all types that
have given attribute).
.RE
.PP
.SS Filtering:
.RS
.TP
.B
\fB-dg\fP
Group SELinux domains based on package they belong to.
.TP
.B
\fB-fb\fP [\fIFILTER_BOOLS\fP], \fB--filter_bools\fP [\fIFILTER_BOOLS\fP]
Filter rules based on current boolean setting or comma separated list of [boolean]:[on/off]
.TP
.B
\fB-fa\fP \fIATTR\fP, \fB--filter_attrs\fP \fIATTR\fP
Filter out rules allowed for specified attributes.
\fIATTR\fP is comma separated list of attributes.
.RE
.RE
.PP


.SH EXAMPLE
Show policy concerning bluetooth_t type (only access to files, other types are grouped into packages):
.PP
.nf
.fam C
      $ sevisual_query -s bluetooth_t -c file -dg
      $ okular graph.pdf

.fam T
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBseextract_cil\fP(1), \fBseexport_graph\fP(1)
.SH HINTS
Have a look at seexport_graph which can work with whole policy package and the resulting visualization is interactive.
.SH AUTHOR
Vit Mojzis <vmojzis@redhat.com>
